project report -- due next week (HTML FILE), testing testing

Group Project
Students will work together in groups to complete a Data Science project from the beginning (downloading data from the web) to the end (communicating their methods and conclusions in an electronic report). The electronic report will be a Jupyter notebook in which the code cells will download a dataset (chosen from the list of options below) from the web, reproducibly and sensibly wrangle and clean, summarize and visualize the data, as well as appropriately answer a predictive question. Markdown cells will be used throughout the document to narrate the analysis to communicates the question asked, methods used and the conclusion reached.


For this project, you will need to formulate and answer a predictive question about a dataset of your choice using either classification or regression. Below we list some suggested data sets, however, we encourage bring your own dataset from elsewhere (e.g. Wikipedia, Kaggle, etc) as long as you get the dataset approved by your group's TA. Note that you are not allowed to pick a dataset that we have already used during lecture or in one of the assignments.
Specific requirements for the report
Each group will create a final electronic report (max 2000 written words, not including citations) using Jupyter to communicate the question asked, the analysis performed and the conclusion reached.

You must submit 2 files:

the source Jupyter notebook (.ipynb file)
the rendered final document (.html file) 
Each report should include the following sections:

Title

Introduction:
provide some relevant background information on the topic so that someone unfamiliar with it will be prepared to understand the rest of your report
clearly state the question you tried to answer with your project
identify and describe the dataset that was used to answer the question

Methods & Results:
describe in written English the methods you used to perform your analysis from beginning to end that narrates the code the does the analysis.
your report should include code which:
loads data from the original source on the web 
wrangles and cleans the data from it's original (downloaded) format to the format necessary for the planned analysis
performs a summary of the data set that is relevant for exploratory data analysis related to the planned analysis 
creates a visualization of the dataset that is relevant for exploratory data analysis related to the planned analysis
performs the data analysis
creates a visualization of the analysis 
note: all tables and figure should have a figure/table number and a legend

Discussion:
summarize what you found
discuss whether this is what you expected to find?
discuss what impact could such findings have?
discuss what future questions could this lead to?

References
At least 2 citations of literature relevant to the project (format is your choice, just be consistent across the references).
Make sure to cite the source of your data as well.

hint - you can use your proposal as a basis for your final report


Title: Is Your Startup Actually Going to "Change the World"?

Introduction:

Methods & Results: 

Discussion:

References: